Now, let's look at some other options that are available over here.
So here, you have the Settings,
and something that I do challenge you to go and
explore is the Add Data option using Monitor and Forward.
So with Forward, what you would be able to do is you'll be
able to create either a universal forwarder or a heavy forwarder.
A universal forwarder is something that is going to be good for a single instance.
However, heavy forwarder is what you would use in an enterprise application.
It will forward the raw data into Splunk.
So there are details over here which is just going to be Select Forwarders.
You go ahead and select a source.
All you have to do is you have to follow
the instructions which are very extremely easy to use.
I would also link the instructions for how to
configure a heavy forwarder and a universal forwarder,
and that will help you practice how to forward data into Splunk as well.
So that would be extremely good exercise to pursue as well.